[Reporter] Now that
we're well into July,
the weather in
China's heating up,
and so the air pressure
is starting to bring
that warmth our way.
Already we're seeing
overall temperatures
higher than last year
all across the country.
The Kantou Koushin'etsu
area and the Tokai region
will have clear, sunny,
summery skies ahead.
And it will be hotter inland,
so beware of
unexpected rainstorms
in areas near the mountains.
And that's it for
the local weather.
Now a newsbreak.
The escalating dispute
between the Tokyo Manji Gang
and its rivals is believed
to have just claimed
several additional
innocent victims.
[Takemichi] Wait,
seriously? That's insane.
Official word is being withheld
pending notification
of next-of-kin.
But the two have been
tentatively identified
as Naoto Tachibana, 25,
from Shibuya, Tokyo.
Naoto Tachibana?
And another victim
also from Shibuya,
Tachibana's older sister,
Hinata Tachibana, 26 years old.
The Police Department
is on high alert.
Did he really just say Hinata?
(intense music)
Apparently, my one and only
girlfriend, Hinata Tachibana,
who I dated in middle
school, is dead.
Hey, I know you're in there!
Oh, hi.
How many times do
I have to tell you
to turn your damn TV down?
I can hear it a mile away!
Sorry about that.
[Landlady] Honestly, kids
these days have no class.
Ugh.
[Manager] Seriously, how many
times do I have to tell you
the same thing before
you get it, Takemichi?
Um.
DVDs need to go
back on the shelves
as soon as they're returned.
I'm tired of telling you this.
-I'm sorry-
-Yeah, yeah, I know.
All you ever are is sorry.
(Takemichi sighs)
[Delinquent] What a loser, huh?
Hey there, old dude.
Huh?
Have you got a problem, nerd?
Uh, sorry.
Oh, uh.
-(delinquent laughing)
-(key scratching)
Oh!
(gang laughing)
[Delinquent] Good luck, loser!
Huh.
Hey you, what're
you doing there?
Ah!
[Takemichi] I never
expected that my life
would turn out like this.
Living in a crappy apartment
with paper-thin walls.
Treated like an absolute
moron by my manager,
who's younger than me.
Then those punks
pick a fight with me
and I end up apologizing.
I've only had one girlfriend
in my entire life,
and that was in middle school,
so to top it all off,
I'm still a damn virgin.
Where the hell did I go wrong?
(assailant intensely breathing)
Huh?
-(train horn blaring)
-(crowd shouting)
No!
In that moment when I
thought I was going to die,
I didn't remember my
parents or my friends.
I remembered Hinata Tachibana.
(gentle music)
So we heard that Tachibana
has a really big
crush on Hanagaki.
Super big!
Oh get real, dude. Why
do they always like you?
What are you gonna do?
Some boys from another
class came looking for you.
Oh don't give me that. I
wouldn't even stand a chance.
Tachibana is super popular.
[Takemichi] Thinking back, my
second year in middle school
was really when I peaked.
I was number two in a
kickass gang of second-years,
and that was the only time
I ever had a girlfriend.
Is this like that
thing where you see
your life flash
before your eyes?
[Train Announcer] Shibuya.
We've arrived in Shibuya.
Please make sure you have
all of your belongings.
[Takemichi] Oh, sorry.
[Akkun] Hey, Takemichi!
[Takemichi] Oh.
[Yamagishi] You coming or what?
Ah. What?
What are you doing?
Get off the train.
Oh yeah! I was, whoa! (panting)
Dude, what's your problem?
[Takemichi] Whoa,
talk about flashbacks!
Makoto, who couldn't keep
his hands off his dick!
The fool Yamagishi, who
thought wearing glasses
would make him smarter!
Our leader, Akkun!
And Takuya, who I knew
since we were little!
Hey, Yamagishi, did you
see this week's issue?
[Yamagishi] Hell yeah.
That pinup was insane!
[Akkun] Yo guys, we're
in public here, you know.
[Takuya] I'm starving.
You guys wanna get
something to eat?
Yeah, I could go
for a hamburger.
I've got a coupon.
[Akkun] Got enough
for all of us?
[Makoto] Nope.
[Takuya] The hell, man?
Huh?
What kind of stupid
look is this?
Who the hell is this
lame-looking punk?
It's me! It's me
from middle school!
I was so lame!
But this was supposed
to be when I peaked!
What's in my pockets?
A single 500-yen
coin and a cellphone!
Yo, it's an old flip
phone! Talk about memories!
Huh?
July 4th, 2005?
This is wrong.
Then that would mean,
one, two, three, four, and...
This is 12 years ago!
[Yamagishi] Hey, Takemichi!
Huh?
Come on. What the hell's
wrong with you today?
[Takemichi] Who knew
seeing your life
flash before your eyes
looked so realistic?
-(casual music)
-(people chattering)
[Makoto] Seriously, Takemichi?
Is that all you ordered is
fries? And only a small?
Yeah, still need dough
for the ride home.
[Yamagishi] Ah, you
would've got home somehow.
You know, it's lucky for
us your cousin's the leader
of Shibuya Third
Middle School, huh?
Hm?
So now if any third-year
messes with us,
we just have to namedrop Masaru.
What?
My cousin?
Are they really
talking about Masaru?
Hang on just a sec.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
What's so good about having
Masaru around anyway?
[Group] Huh?
What? What did I say?
-Did you hit your head?
-Are you nuts?
What's wrong with you today?
[Takemichi] No,
no, I'm all right.
Good 'cause we're gonna
go start us a fight!
Huh!
Somebody's going down!
[Takemichi] Come to think
of it, Masaru did say
he was the leader at
Shibuya Third Middle School.
My friends, we're gonna
have us a little war
with the second-years
at that school
that they'll never forget!
-Yeah!
-What?
You guys wanna go
over to their school
and fight them right now?
[Group] Uh.
Well, someone say something.
Yo, Takemichi, those guys
all think we're wusses,
so we have to fight.
They think we're wusses?
So what do we care?
Come on, dude, stop acting
like you're scared of a fight.
Oh.
You're gonna give 'em
all the old backfist
just like you always do, right?
The backfist?
[Akkun] Now you're getting
all fired up aren't you?
Lead us into battle, Commander!
-Yay!
-(table thuds)
Hey, save it for the fight!
(boys laughing)
Whoo!
[Takemichi] Wait, wait, wait.
Shit is moving
way too fast here!
But I do recall something
like this happening.
I think we did talk
to my cousin Masaru
about picking a fight at
the school in Shibuya.
-[Makoto] Hey!
-Huh?
[Makoto] You guys
from Shibuya Third?
Uh, yeah we are.
[Akkun] What grade
are you in then?
[Takemichi] They're
serious about this.
But fighting? I mean,
really fighting?
I haven't fought anyone
in like 10 years!
Shit! I might just piss myself!
[Student] We're
just first-years,
so we don't know about
the second-years.
What? You two are
just first-years?
Either of you even
got any pubes yet?
[Takemichi] I don't get it.
Were the guys I hung out
with always so aggressive?
Shit, I can't keep up!
I've gotta calm down.
This is still just my life
flashing before my eyes.
[Yamagishi] Well, this is weird.
We can't find those
second-years anywhere.
Everyone we talked to
was either a first-year
or a third-year.
What's going on?
It's like they're avoiding us.
You know what I think?
They heard we were
coming for 'em
and they all freaked
out and ran for cover.
Yeah you're right!
(boys laughing)
[Takemichi] Wait, I
remember this park.
Well, delinquents from Shibuya
are nothing but wannabe
fancy little city
boys anyway, right?
Right, Takemichi?
[Takemichi] Huh? Fancy
little city boys?
(intense music)
No, they're not!
-[Kiyomasa] Hey!
-(Takemichi gasps)
Are you the little
shits we heard
are looking for
our second-years?
[Takemichi] These
guys are third-years.
(inhales) Our second-years
are all away on a field trip.
[Takemichi] They look like
third-years in a biker gang.
These guys are the real deal!
Serious delinquents!
We're gonna bash your little
punk faces in one by one
so line up.
Wait, you guys, you guys
are all third-years right?
'Cause we cleared this
visit ahead of time
and your boss Masaru
said it was cool.
Masaru, eh?
Huh? (laughing)
You hear that, Masaru?
Yeah, of course
I could hear him.
I'm standing right
behind him, aren't I?
Good, then you can
hear me tell you
to buy us all some drinks!
Uh, uh.
Okay, but with what money?
Say what?
Well, every time my fist
meets your face, it's 100 yen!
So let's see here, how
many drinks do we need?
-One, two, three.
-Okay, okay, I'll pay.
Eh?
(third-years laughing)
Hey, Takemichi!
[Takemichi] I get it now.
Masaru was nothing but their
errand-boy the whole time.
He was just showing off to me
because I was a year younger.
And now I remember what
happened next, too!
Not only were we
scared shitless,
but we'd just lost our
only chance out of it!
And then.
(Makoto grunts)
(Yamagishi grunts)
(Akkun grunts)
(Takuya groaning)
(Takuya gagging)
[Akaishi] Get up, I'm not
done kicking your ass yet!
[Takemichi] We got the
shit kicked out of us.
[Akaishi] Come on, stand up!
[Both] We're so sorry!
Got a lotta nerve calling
yourselves delinquents.
You're nothing but five
spineless little losers.
And now you get to be
five little soldiers
for the Tokyo Manji
Gang starting today!
(Takemichi quivering)
And you better work
your asses off too!
(all groaning)
[Akkun] Come on, Takemichi.
The Tokyo Manji Gang.
That's right. This is
where it all started.
Those hellish days spent doing
whatever they told us to.
All of us.
That's why I got the hell
away from my hometown
after graduating middle school.
I went to work and
started living on my own.
Sorry, boss!
But that didn't go
very well either.
Can't you do
anything I tell you?
I'm sorry, boss.
I just apologized.
I'm very sorry sir.
Again and again and again!
I was spending my
life apologizing.
(Takemichi quivering)
Damn, this sucks!
My life's ending, and
I'm stuck reliving
the worst part of it.
I hear you loud and clear, God!
You're telling me that my life
has been nothing but utter shit!
(Takemichi sobbing)
I just know you'll be
successful, Takemichi.
(Takemichi quivering)
The escalating dispute-
[Takemichi] Hinata.
The Tokyo Manji Gang.
That's it.
The reason Hinata
dies 12 years from now
is all because of them.
But I guess that's just fate.
It doesn't have
anything to do with me.
But wait! What if
Hinata could...
[Makoto] You okay, Takuya?
You guys better not
tell anyone I cried.
Quit your bitching.
(train tracks clacking)
[Makoto] Man, I'm starving.
[Yamagishi] Yeah, I
need some katsudon.
[Takuya] I can't eat. My
mouth's all busted up.
Takemichi?
What's wrong with you, dude?
I'm sorry, but I gotta go!
[Akkun] Huh? Go where?
[All] Huh?
(gentle music)
(Takemichi heavily breathing)
I've forgotten.
What did Hinata even look like?
-(Takemichi panting)
-(gentle music continues)
This is it.
Tachibana. Tachibana.
Here it is.
(doorbell ringing)
[Hinata] Who is it?
Takemichi, is that you?
Uh, yeah, hi.
Her voice. It's so familiar.
I wasn't expecting you.
(Takemichi gasps)
Were you fighting again?
When will you learn? You
can't keep doing that.
It was just last week
that you got into a fight
that was so dumb.
But are you okay? That
looks like it really hurt.
Let me bring you some ice
before it swells up any more,
and I'll get you some
disinfectant and a bandage.
Good to see you, Hinata.
(soft piano music)
It's all right.
It's just I don't know
why I'm crying but...
Sorry, I'll go now. Good night.
[Hinata] Wait, what happened?
[Takemichi] I just,
I just wanted to
see you, that's all.
Don't lie! Something happened.
You're not acting
like yourself at all.
Huh?
Just tell me the truth.
I want to know everything
about you understand?
Huh?
I'm your girlfriend,
you know. Dummy.
[Takemichi] Sorry.
That's right. She was
always getting mad at me.
She was small, but
so strong-willed.
-(Takemichi sobbing)
-[Hinata] Bye-bye.
See you at school tomorrow.
[Takemichi] I always
loved the cheerful way
she'd say bye-bye,
and yet I...
(sobs) Damn it.
[Bully] Come on, is
that all you've got?
[Bully] Don't hold out on us!
-Huh?
[Bully] Let's hear you
jump and down, squirt.
[Bully] (chuckling) See,
you did have more money.
Shut up, you dumbasses!
Can't you see I'm trying to
have a sentimental moment here?
Hurry it up, junior.
Quit stalling and
cough up the cash.
[Takemichi] Hey!
[Bullies] Huh?
Shut the hell up, assholes!
(bully groans)
(Takemichi panting)
(all gasping)
You just can't quit running
your mouths, can you?
Yapping and yapping and yapping.
-(glass bottle shatters)
-(all gasping)
At this moment,
I'm in about the
shittiest mood possible!
So piss off or I'll kill you.
[Bully] Okay, okay!
[Bully] No problem
dude, we're outta here!
(glass bottle rattles)
Huh?
Hey, wait a sec!
[Naoto] It's really dangerous
to leave that there.
Somebody could get hurt.
Oh, you're right.
[Naoto] Uh, thank you
for helping me out.
(Takemichi sighs)
I'll give you some advice
for when guys like
that hassle you.
It's like this.
You gotta be prepared to
get hit but never back down.
Oh, huh?
Hm?
Oh, you don't need
to take notes.
You just face them head on.
That's usually
enough to scare off
half-assed punks
like those three.
Oh, yeah!
[Takemichi] Courage
and confidence.
In other words, all the
qualities I never had.
So, what's your name, kid?
Uh, Tachibana.
Naoto Tachibana.
What? Did you say Tachibana,
like as in Hinata?
Yeah, Hinata's my sister.
[Takemichi] The hell, man?
You shoulda told me that sooner!
[Naoto] Oh, are you
friends with Hinata?
That's cool.
Naoto Tachibana.
That's right. In 12 years,
he's going to die, too.
My name's Takemichi Hanagaki.
First name's enough.
Oh okay. Not just yet, though.
[Takemichi] Do you
like your sister?
Huh? Where did that come from?
No, of course I don't like her!
You don't like her? Why not?
[Naoto] Because she's
always bossing me around
and stuff, and
telling me what to do!
Yeah I see.
But all the same, you
oughta take care of her.
Huh?
Fact is I'm totally in
love with your sister.
I love her so much
that I hardly even know
what to do with myself.
I just remembered that today.
Huh?
Ha! I guess you
wouldn't understand.
This is gonna sound crazy,
but on this very day in 2017,
I fell off a platform and
right onto the train tracks.
I thought I was dead, but
suddenly I was in middle school.
I was me from 12
years ago again.
What do you call
something like that?
That's time travel.
Yeah, exactly!
Of course, it's also possible
I might just be having
a long-ass dream.
But you know, I think
what really happened
is that God wanted me to
see Hinata one last time.
Huh? What do you mean by that?
On July 1st 12 years from now,
your sister Hinata will die.
And that's also the day
you're going to die.
(Naoto gasps)
July 1st, 2017,
remember that date, Naoto!
You can save your sister's life!
Sorry to lay all this on
you at one time, dude.
I know it's pretty
hard to believe.
If this is really happening,
then I want to
change the future.
I fell so far that I
forgot about Hinata
until I heard she'd died.
I was feeling pathetic,
frustrated, sorry for myself.
But now I wanna do all
of this over again.
I'm counting on you.
(momentous music)
[Naoto] Okay, I'll do it.
[Worker] He's awake!
Where am I?
What day is it?
We brought you to the infirmary.
You fell from the platform
onto the train tracks.
Huh?
July 4th, 2017?
Was that all just a dream, then?
Wait!
I remember the train!
There's no way I
coulda survived that!
I don't have a scratch on me!
[Naoto] Could I
have some time alone
to speak with him?
-Huh?
-Sure.
You ought to thank him.
This is the man that
saved your life.
What?
It's been a while.
Who are you?
Naoto Tachibana.
Huh?
That day, you changed
the course of my life.
[Takemichi] Huh? That day?
But wait, you died!
You traveled through
time that day.
That's how I survived.
That's how I could
be here to save you.
You changed the present
by traveling through time!
(lively music)
Takemichi, 12 years ago today
this is what you told me.
Remember that date, Naoto.
You can save your sister's life.
I studied hard in school
and I became a cop
in order to protect her.
Wait! Then Hinata is alive?
I'm sorry, Takemichi.
Hinata has died.
I did everything that
I could think of!
But. But.
Takemichi, you've got to help!
I just know you can save her!
You want me to save Hinata?
(upbeat theme music)
(vocalists singing in Japanese)